What are you doing, man?
Prince head you bastard
I'm going to fine you $8,0008
I thought you were going to self-harm
You are using my body now
I'm just angry
Why should he be beaten by you?
You gave him 100,000
You don't even look at what occasion you hit
Gotta give some money
Besides, you are punching and scratching your face
It's just a woman's fight routine
But I was a girl, wasn't I?
Your grievance is your own business
He doesn't feel anything.
Besides, I haven't bothered
You make my image so insulted
Am I just wronged?
But now I'm going to move on.
You almost ruined your engagement draft today
Chu Chu is a little unhappy
You go coax him for me
Be nice to him
Do you hear me?
We'll switch back later
I must also have your benefits, okay?
One day I'll take him to your manor to have a look
There you go.
Oh yeah, one more thing.
At the engagement ceremony today
Many customers ask you some questions
You faltered.
Tomorrow you go to the company finance report
I'm not going, you're really not going
I'm not going, I'm going to spend 100 million every day
I go to work.
Who is looking at a billion yuan company?
Hehehe one two three four
That's a lot of spirit, if it weren't for you
Do I need to take you to work?
You said the soul calls
It's like I did it
I'm a victim too, okay, I'll leave you alone
Come on. Come to bed with me.